{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Gregory Basile\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Technical Plumbing since 2012. If DevOps is the job title, are you even doing it?\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Sep\u8217'14 - Jun\u8217'16\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b MSc, Computer Science}; Stevens Instutute of Technology (Hoboken, NJ)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Sep\u8217'08 - Jun\u8217'12\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b BSc, Physics; Minor: Computer Science}; Rowan University (Glassboro, NJ)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Certification\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Jan\u8217'24 - April\u8217'24\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Applied Data Science for Machine Learning}; {\b MIT Professional Education}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Professional Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 April\u8217'24 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Member of Technical Staff:} {\b Udio}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As a key member of the founding engineering team at Udio, I spearheaded the development of a cutting-edge generative audio platform on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), leveraging Google\u8217's TPU compute platform for advanced model training and inference. I played a pivotal role in defining MLOps processes within a nascent and rapidly evolving domain, architecting robust, high-throughput inference systems designed for scalable performance.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Sep\u8217'19 - Jan\u8217'24\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Senior Software Engineer (Infrastructure):} {\b GoPuff}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Transformed a nascent cloud environment into a robust development platform, setting a high standard for future scalability. Key achievements include: \u8226 ? Defined best practices for deploying Azure, GCP, and AWS PaaS via Infrastructure as Code. \u8226 ? Architected networks, messaging buses, and databases for a high-traffic, multi-cloud logistics system. \u8226 ? Led GoPuff\u8217's Kubernetes (AKS) strategy, deploying the first cluster and driving organization-wide adoption.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Jan\u8217'19 - Aug\u8217'19\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Senior DevOps Consultant:} {\b Bankmobile Inc.}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Consulted on the transformation of a monolithic mobile banking backend into a white-label SaaS product with a focus on a repeatable, scalable infrastructure and simple form-based deployment pipelines.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Sep\u8217'16 - Dec\u8217'18\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Technical Operations Engineer:} {\b AlphaPoint Inc.}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 At this cryptocurrency technology startup, I developed and maintained automated CI/CD pipelines for a stack serving over 100 exchange clients, enhancing deployment speed, and reliability. My collaboration with sales teams aligned operational strategies with customer needs, boosting satisfaction and retention. Additionally, I managed the secure integration and maintenance of diverse cryptocurrency nodes and wallets.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 May\u8217'12 - Sep\u8217'16\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Director of Information Technology:} {\b Automall 46 Inc.}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Established, implemented, and maintained best practices and operational procedures governing the development, use, and administration of core infrastructure, and IT management platforms.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Programming Languages}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b GoLang:} My goto language for plumbing backends, with GRPC services, and async consumers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Python:} Training ML models, building inference pipelines, utility scripting, and avoiding async whenever possible.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Cloud Eng}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Kubernetes:} Kubernetes expert with comprehensive experience spanning high-level operations to low-level architecture. Proficient in developing operators and custom resource definitions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Infrastructure as Code:} Proficient in deploying resources across all major cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP) using Terraform and Pulumi. Demonstrated expertise in leveraging IaC for efficient and consistent cloud infrastructure management.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Persistance on K8s:} I have experience hosting a number of persistance systems on k8s: Kafka, Redis, MinIO and NFS servers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Development Essentials}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Scripting:} Shell, Bash, PowerShell\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Message Brokers:} Redis, RabbitMQ, Kafka\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b CI/CD:} GitHub Actions, Jenkins, Octopus\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Containerization:} Docker\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Plumbing} GRPC, REST, protos\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Side Project}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Collaboration tool for Digital Audio Workstations:} Music producers often face limited collaboration opportunities within leading Digital Audio Workstations (DAWs) like Ableton and FL Studio. Since 2005, Git has revolutionized the way software developers collaborate and manage source control. Inspired by this, my aim is to harness the power of Git and source control to revolutionize collaboration for music producers, opening up new avenues for creative synergy and efficiency in music production.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Extras\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Eagle Scout, Boy Scouts of America\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Techno Producer, and DJ\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:gregymann@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
gregymann@gmail.com
}}}
 \u8226 ? (908) 229-7720 \u8226 ? 126 Clifton Place, Jersey City, NJ, 07424\u8226 ? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://linkedin.com/in/gregymann/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
LinkedIn
}}}
 \u8226 ? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/gbasileGP"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Github
}}}
\par}
}
